Storybook documentation and fixes (#629)
CartoDB/carto-react: packages/react-ui/storybook/stories/Introduction.stories.mdx

# CARTO for React - Widgets and UI Components

This storybook includes the UI Components (@carto/react-ui) for CARTO for React.

## Tech stack

The components are based on [Mui v5](https://mui.com/), and they include a CARTO theme + custom components and widgets.

> We have support for `React` 17 & 18.

Reviewer: Not yet. Even if there are workarounds, we should stick to 17, until we remove all makeStyles. So...

```suggestion
We have currently support for `React` 17 and we're working on having it for v18 asap
```

## Library version

<p className='text-tag'>{version}</p>

## Development state

We have a label in the story of each component that indicates its maturity and recommended use:

> - `Deprecated`: Legacy component that might be currently in use, but shouldn`t be used in new projects
> - `In development`: Work in progress or experimental. Not ready to use in production yet
> - `Ready to review`: Ready to review and validation by CARTO design team and other stakeholders, prior to be consider fully done
> - `Validated`: Fully validated and ready-to-use implementation
> - `Needs update`: Needs an update due to some design changes, but can be used in this state

Reviewer: I would suggest something like this:

```suggestion
**Recommended use**
- `Validated`: Fully validated and ready-to-use implementation of a component
- `Needs update`: Needs an update due to some design changes, but it can be used in this state
- `Deprecated`: Legacy component that might be currently in use, but it shouldn't be used in new projects

**Not supported**
- `In development`: Work in progress or experimental. Not ready to use in production yet
- `Ready to review`: Ready to review and validation by CARTO design team and other stakeholders, prior to be consider fully done (it can be considered as a 2nd phase of `In development`).

```
